Reinforce anonymity requirements and core use-cases (#33)
alxdavids/privacy-pass-ietf: draft-davidson-pp-architecture.md

# Introduction

> The Privacy Pass protocol provides an anonymity-preserving mechanism for

Reviewer: Somewhere in the document, it should specify that the anonymity guarantee of Privacy Pass assumes that client IP addresses are either 1) not monitored/stored by the server, even though the client has no mechanism to verify this (otherwise the server can trivially build a lookup table of client IP addresses to the tokens they have used), or 2) an underlying anonymity tool such as Tor is used to hide the client IP address from the server.

Author: That's a good point, I've added a subsection to the assumptions we make on the Client as part of the ecosystem to discuss this.

Each client must be addressed by a unique identifier, given by
`client_id`.

> ### Hidden identity {#client-ip}
> 
> Throughout this document, we assume that the Client identity (such as
> its IP address, and other similar characteristics) is not tracked and
> stored by the Server. This is because it is  trivial for a Server to
> track the redemption patterns of a Client over the lifetime of the
> identity that it uses.
> 
> Client's cannot monitor whether a Server is doing this. If a Client
> needs stricter assurances, then it should consider using an
> anonymity-preserving tools to interact with Servers, such as Tor. Such
> tools can be used to hide the Client identity across multiple
> interactions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Client identifying information {#client-ip}

Privacy properties of this protocol do not take into account other possibly identifying
information available in an implementation, such as a client's IP address. Servers
which monitor IP addresses may use this to track client redemption patterns over
time. Clients cannot check whether servers monitor such identifying information.
Thus, clients SHOULD minimize or remove identifying information where possible,
e.g., by using anonymity-preserving tools such as Tor to interact with Servers.
```
